Handle partial responses and errors gracefully (#91)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-snmp: docs/input-snmp.asciidoc

Example
[source,ruby]
-----
input {
  snmp {
    walk => ["1.3.6.1.2.1.1"]
    hosts => [{host => "udp:127.0.0.1/161" community => "public"}]
  }
}
-----

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-tag_on_failure"]
===== `tag_on_failure`

  * Value type is <<array,array>>
  * Default value is `["_snmpfailure"]`

> Append values to the `tags` field when one or more SNMP operations fail for a host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags the event when one or more SNMP operations fail for a host.
```

Author: solved in [last commit](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-snmp/pull/91/changes/73823a435e2db93f7b3b91f92c3a5af5fe77fe02)

Example
[source,ruby]
-----
input {
  snmp {
    walk => ["1.3.6.1.2.1.1"]
    hosts => [{host => "udp:127.0.0.1/161" community => "public"}]
  }
}
-----

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-include_partial_data"]
===== `include_partial_data`

  * Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
  * Default value is `false`

> When enabled, data collected successfully from `walk` or `table` operations that partially fail is preserved in the event.

Reviewer 2: This sounds a bit redundant IMO (saying the same thing twice), I'd collapse them together.

Author: Yeap, you're right! Fixed at [48af18b](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-snmp/pull/91/commits/48af18b45a33d566423056b7d4ba3a29227b2a19)

}
-----

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-include_partial_data"]
===== `include_partial_data`

  * Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
  * Default value is `false`

> When enabled, data collected successfully from `walk` or `table` operations that partially fail is preserved in the event.

Reviewer: Maybe little more clear, because reading `data collected successfully..operations that partially fail` was confusing on first read.

```
When enabled, the event keeps data from partially failed `walk` or `table` operations. By default, it only includes data from fully successful operations.
```

Author: I totally agree. Way more clear.

Author: fixed at [48af18b](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-snmp/pull/91/commits/48af18b45a33d566423056b7d4ba3a29227b2a19)
